[Music]
clinging to a hillside in the heart of
the severe sicilian landscape
gunji was recently voted the most
beautiful village in italy
but behind its picturesque facade lies a
dark secret
because for many years gunji was a mafia
stronghold
[Music]
it's hard to believe ganji is real
clinging to an almost
vertical hillside like a limpet
and for the people of ganji very very
beautiful but very very remote
because of gunji's isolation it was once
a favored hideout
of the sicilian mafia
[Music]
but in mussolini the mafia was about to
meet
its match
[Music]
i've arranged a rendezvous with
assistant professor
manuela patti who studies the history of
the mafia
what happens to the mafia during the
fascist period
in 1924 mussolini visited sicily
he visited a small village near palermo
where the mayor kucha was well known as
mafioso and he declared
kucha that he could protect mussolini
and so
it was an outrage for mussolini to be
protected
by a mafioso a man
well not as a mafioso
outraged by this presumption mussolini
decided that the time had come
to put the mafia in its place
by sending to palermo a former policeman
called chesarimari
with orders to wipe the mafia off the
map
mori trained his sights on ganji
what did chesaree maori do here in kanji
mori arrived
in sicily at the end of 1925
and he brought hundreds of carabinieri
and policemen and also some black shirts
of militia in ganji
and he surrounded the village
[Music]
several days into the siege and with no
sign of a mafia surrender
modi ordered his men to start taking
ganges women
and children hostage
then one by one the mafiosi gave
themselves up
so after there was mass trials
against these mafia koski groups a sort
of maxi
trial where hundreds of mafiosi
were judged by courts from 1926
and for the rest of the fascist period
is the mafia substantially disabled
yes in these years in reality
this mass arrest this action
was useful to stop
the action of mafia gangs
[Music]
you